
Title: Sri Lankan president flees the country amid economic crisis
Details: COLOMBO, Sri Lanka (AP) — The president of Sri Lanka fled the country early Wednesday, days after protesters stormed his home and office and the official residence of his prime minister amid a three-month economic crisis that triggered severe shortages of food and fuel..

Title: Deforestation in Brazilian Amazon hits tragic record in 2022
Details: RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — Deforestation in the Brazilian Amazon during the first half of 2022 broke all records, a measure of the increasing destruction taking place under the presidency of Jair Bolsonaro..

Title: UK Olympic great Mo Farah says he was trafficked as a child
Details: LONDON (AP) — Olympic great Mo Farah -- the winner of four gold medals and one of Britain’s greatest and best-loved athletes -- has been carrying a secret burden all these years: He was illegally brought to the U.K..

Title: ‘Don’t fall ill’: Sri Lanka doctors warn of drug shortage
Details: COLOMBO, Sri Lanka (AP) — Don’t fall ill or get into accidents: That’s the advice doctors in Sri Lanka are giving patients as the country's economic crisis leaves its health care system short of drugs and other vital supplies..

Title: Abe’s complicated legacy looms large for current Japan PM
Details: TOKYO (AP) — Assassinated former Prime Minister Shinzo Abe was perhaps the most divisive leader in recent Japanese history, infuriating liberals with his revisionist views of history and his dreams of military expansion..

Title: Heat wave forecast for Spain, Portugal fuels wildfire worry
Details: MADRID (AP) — Spain's second heat wave in less than a month and the year's first for neighboring Portugal is expected to last at least until the weekend, weather forecasters said Tuesday. With temperatures in both countries already elevated, the outlook magnified wildfire worries..

Title: Afro-Colombian politician tapped as ambassador to Washington
Details: WASHINGTON (AP) — A veteran Afro-Colombian politician who studied in the Soviet Union and fled his homeland after being kidnapped by a paramilitary group has been tapped to become Colombia's first Black ambassador to the United States..

Title: Italy’s Draghi warns 5-Stars against political ultimatums
Details: ROME (AP) — Premier Mario Draghi insisted Tuesday his government was able to keep working despite tensions with the 5-Star Movement, but he warned that it can’t function if coalition members make ultimatums..

Title: Kremlin critic charged over criticizing fighting in Ukraine
Details: None.

Title: Japanese say final goodbye to assassinated former leader Abe
Details: None.
